The Joe Rogan experience. Well, you, you ran more than you bargained.
Yeah, that was, that was far, I mean, I asked the guys there. I said, Hey,
how far is it if I go from here to here? And they're like, oh, seven miles. No,
it was like 15. It was a grind and humid.
Oh my God.
Well, luckily you're, uh, accustomed.
To that. Yeah, yeah, no, it was good. Yeah.
I was talking to a friend of mine, you know, and I was saying, well, you know,
cam, when he first started running,
he had a hard time running a mile and then like what? Yeah. Like, yeah.
That's how it works.
Yeah, it was um, yeah. You know,
and I was when I first started, I mean, I was okay in high school,
you know, cause I did all the sports and we do maybe a 10 K during the summer.
So, but then after high school, then I was just like,
I thought it was really cool. I could buy beer.
So it was like 21 and I'd swing by Riverview market on the way home and buy a
six pack of tall boys. And you know, I thought that was cool. I could pounce on,
you know, Coors light and I'm like, oh, I'm a stud now.
And then I started to get fat and I'm like, I didn't,
nobody cared. It was like, I didn't have,
I wasn't living up to any expectations.
I was actually living down to expectations.
And so I went through a phase there where I was just like,
not healthy. I was still hunting, but no real,
um, sense of, I don't know, I didn't have,
I wasn't accountable for anything or to anybody didn't have any high
expectations. So Mike, whatever. And I remember I,
I signed up for the beach Butte,
10 K and I got there to fifth street. Public market is about five miles.
I had another mile left and I quit and I'm just like,
this sucks. And so that was,
I think from there, I'm like, nobody feels good. You know,
you don't feel good when you're in that S in that place. So, um,
it was a slow grind,
but I got to where I just kept doing more and more and more than I did my first
marathon. Like in 2002. When you.
The next day, how did you feel?
I felt all the time. So it wasn't like, I mean, it wasn't,
you know, I was living with four guys and we'd just drink beer all the
time. And you know,
remember this one guy got DUI,
like two DUIs in three weeks. I think both in my truck,
at least I wasn't driving. I would never draw, you know? I mean, I w I never,
never, never got caught, but it was just like, just stupid.
So it was just like another disappointment. It wasn't, it didn't stand out.
Because it was just, there was no success.
No, no, it was just, I don't know. I didn't have anything going. It's like,
that's where my life was. So it's just like, what.
Changed?
I don't know. I know.
Well, something must have changed because now you're running 240 miles,
probably the most successful bow hunter on the planet earth. I mean, that's,
that's a giant, I mean, you have 800,000 Instagram followers, something changed.
Like what changed?
How did it go from you being this guy who quit
after five miles and you drink beer all the time and you're hanging out with a
bunch of ne'er do Wells. Yeah.
And then all of a sudden you are an inspiration to millions of people. Like,
how does what's the shift?
Um, I think having kids, you know, so, um,
got married and then Kanner was born and 93,
and then it's like, man, it's not cool being a loser dad. No.
I mean, that's not that, that, it's, it's one thing being a loser,
being a loser dad cut, cause now I'm affecting other people's lives.
And so I'm like, I thought I got a,
I got to be an example, you know, I gotta, I want my kids,
every parent wants their kids to,
to have more than they had and had a better life than they had. And so,
you know, my dad wasn't around and, uh, you know,
I always remember wanting him around and just, you know, wanting to see them.
So I'm like maybe that, and then it was, I,
I think I wanted my kids, I wanted to challenge them. Um,
so I remember my first marathon, I also made Tanner.
He was seven and yes, it was 2002, I think.
Or he would have been no must. Yeah. I don't know. Anyway, he was young.
I think he just turned eight actually. And I made him do the half marathon.
So I ran the marathon. He did the half marathon at eight at eight Jesus,
the good gut, like 2 0 2, which is a good half marathon for,
especially for an eight year old.
So then I started introducing my kids to these challenges
cause I'm like, you know, I remember my life growing up and it,
it wasn't comfortable, but not, not a positive way. And I'm like, well,
I think these kids, if they don't have challenges introduced,
they're going to be soft. They're going to have it too easy. So I would,
you know, that's why they've,
they've run marathons and they've done these things is cause that's kind of how
they grew up. So I think it was kind of a combination of being a parent, um,
wanting my kids to have a successful path.
And then just saying, I didn't want to be a loser dad.
So just kind of evolved from there.
Didn't it run a hundred miles with you ran,
would he get to 80, 85 90 Jesus Christ? Isn't it?
No, no. His will broke.
Yeah. I thought he had a knee.
Uh, probably. I mean, but yeah. I mean all sorts of happens, you know?
I mean you heard, but no, he, uh, God, it was like,
that was just this past summer and you know,
cars running a hundred miles in 24 hours is that's something. I mean,
I could never do that at he's 22.
I think there's no way I could have done that then. I mean, it takes mental.
Usually don't have that mental strength until you're older.
You've been through life and you've been beat down and disappointed and had your
heart broken. That's when you get like, Hey, this pain is just temporary.
This is for one day I can get through anything for a day. Well, when you're 22,
it's like a point of reference. It's great. It's been gravy the whole time.
But to run a hundred miles in 24 hours is you can tell that to anybody and it'd
be like, God, dang, congratulations. You know? So he wanted to do that.
That was his goal. So I said, all right, I go,
if you get to 60 miles in 12 hours,
you can grind out 40 in the second 12. And I said, that would be good.
So he got to 60 miles and 12 hours on, on pace. Everything was good.
And it just to paint is like,
I think he got 31 miles maybe, or almost 31.
I think it was 90 point something just, you know,
he ended up taking,
trying to take a couple naps was in the truck for a while.
And I remember I'd be like, so what are we doing? I'd go by the truck.
Cause I never stopped. And uh, so it's a course.
It's at 1.1 mile loop, oh my God.
A hundred times do it for 24 hours. And so I'd come by and it'd be,
I gave him a little bit, a little while to chill out and uh,
but then our back, what are we doing here? And whatever,
for whatever reason, he got 90,
which is still 90 miles is a long way.
That's a long feet. That's like San Diego, but it's not a hundred.
It's not Mexico. No, I'm like, so we, we joke around too. Cause I am,
you know, I'm supportive, but also, I mean, I,
I am how I am. So I'm like, I go, God, you couldn't have got 10 more miles,
10 more miles. And you would have been in the a hundred mile club. Cause he,
I got this little wood chip.
It's like the it's like the smallest little token you could get.
It's not even like Goggins coin right here,
but it's half the size as a wood chip. And it says, uh, 100 miles,
I'm like, Hey, do you have a chip like that? Oh no, no, no, no. You only got 90.
They don't make 90 mile chips. And so like we said, it's like,
God, that the worst part about that is to get those last 10,
you got to get the first 90 and that hurts. Right.
So I think he's gonna hit his big goal was to get a hundred miles,
a 24 hour, 24 hours if she didn't get, and then also qualify for Boston,
which he did. So I we're going to, um,
what do you have to do to qualify for Boston? Um, for his age, age group,
he had to run under three hours in a marathon.
So he ran the Eugene marathon in 2 57. Wow. So he qualified.
That's amazing. Yeah. That's a good run. Fast. Yeah.
Jamie shaking his head. Yes. He ran. That would have been,
that's like 6 44.
That's fast miles for 26. That's fast. Yeah.
So the world record, they're trying to get under two right under two. Yeah.
And they use the like special shoes and and those guys are amazing.